Aspose.PDF for .NET Release Notes 26.7 (#929)
Aspose/releases.aspose.com: content/en/pdf/net/release-notes/2026/aspose-pdf-for-net-26-07-release-notes.md

---
id: "aspose-pdf-for-net-26-7-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-pdf-for-net-26-7-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7"
title: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7"
weight: 120
description: "This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancements, and bug fixes in 2026, version 26.7."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7"
lastmod: "2026-07-15"
sitemap:
  changefreq: "monthly"
  priority: 0.7
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes information for Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7.

{{% /alert %}}

## Improvements and Changes

### Features and Enhancements

#### Side-by-Side PDF Comparison Results

> Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7 enhances `SideBySidePdfComparer` by returning comparison results from both document and page comparison methods. The `Compare` methods now return `SideBySideDocsComparisonResult` or `SideBySidePagesComparisonResult`, allowing you to determine whether differences were found with `HasChanges` and inspect detailed changes through `FirstDocChanges`, `SecondDocChanges`, and `FullChanges`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7 enhances 'SideBySidePdfComparer' by returning comparison results from both document and page comparison methods. The 'Compare' methods now return 'SideBySideDocsComparisonResult' or 'SideBySidePagesComparisonResult', allowing you to determine whether differences were found using 'HasChanges' and inspect detailed changes through 'FirstDocChanges', 'SecondDocChanges', and 'FullChanges'.
```

> The comparison methods also have overloads that write the visual comparison result to a `Stream` instead of a file path. These enhancements address `PDFNET-62001`, `PDFNET-62285`, and `PDFNET-62002`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The comparison methods also include overloads that write the visual comparison result to a 'Stream' rather than to a file path. These enhancements address 'PDFNET-62001', 'PDFNET-62285', and ' PDFNET-62002 '.
```

> The return type of the existing `Compare` overloads that accept an output file path has changed from `void`. This is a public API change; applications compiled against earlier releases should be recompiled when upgrading to 26.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return type of the existing 'Compare' overloads that accept an output file path has changed from 'void' to SideBySideDocsComparisonResult. This is a public API change; applications compiled against earlier releases should be recompiled when upgrading to version 26.7.
```

private static void ComparePdfDocumentsToStream()
{
    // The path to the documents directory
    var dataDir = RunExamples.GetDataDir_AsposePdf_DocumentCompare();

    // Open PDF documents
    using (var firstDocument = new Aspose.Pdf.Document(dataDir + "first.pdf"))
    using (var secondDocument = new Aspose.Pdf.Document(dataDir + "second.pdf"))
    using (var comparisonStream = new System.IO.FileStream(
        dataDir + "comparison-result.pdf",
        System.IO.FileMode.Create,
        System.IO.FileAccess.Write))
    {
        // Compare documents and save the visual result
        var result = Aspose.Pdf.Comparison.SideBySidePdfComparer.Compare(
            firstDocument,
            secondDocument,
            comparisonStream,
            new Aspose.Pdf.Comparison.SideBySideComparisonOptions
            {
                ComparisonMode = Aspose.Pdf.Comparison.ComparisonMode.IgnoreSpaces
            });

        System.Console.WriteLine(result.HasChanges
            ? "Changes were detected."
            : "The documents are identical.");
    }
}
```

#### Safe Digital Signature Verification

> Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7 adds `TryVerifySignature` methods to `PdfFileSignature` and `TryVerify` methods to `Signature`. These methods avoid throwing verification exceptions and return a `VerificationResult` that reports the verification state, message, whether the signature structure is compromised, and the original verification exception when available. This enhancement addresses `PDFNET-62322`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.7 adds 'TryVerifySignature' methods to 'PdfFileSignature' and 'TryVerify' methods to 'Signature'. These methods avoid throwing exceptions during signature verification and instead return a 'VerificationResult' that reports the verification state, a message, whether the signature structure is compromised, and the original verification exception, when available. This enhancement addresses 'PDFNET-62322'.
```

> `TryVerifySignature` returns `true` when verification completed without a technical error. In that case, check `VerificationResult.State` to distinguish valid and invalid signatures. It returns `false` when verification encounters a technical error or the signature structure appears compromised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'TryVerifySignature' returns 'true' when verification completes without a technical error. In that case, check 'VerificationResult'.State to distinguish between valid and invalid signatures. It returns 'false' when verification encounters a technical error or when the signature structure appears compromised.
```
